- 👋 Hi, I’m @BABEieRuTHless aka bomBABEie aka bumbommbie DIMENsion aka MASTERbait aka MISS underSTOOD , Qking of OVER CAME ; CARLIE RENEE DUPLANTIS . . .
- 👀 I’m interested in ... learning more about myself , through myself as well as through others. 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ... more about my experience and predetermined generational destiny that was hidden with in me that i keep uncovering because my brain is decyphering things naturally and involentarily. apparently its been doing that and its because my dad downloaded it into me and left me with a key , lock , map , a bunch more that is downloaded into me that i choose to let known at my own accord , as i become more comfortable with the acceptance of all of this being hidden within me and a the known elites keep trying to cover me up from everyone on the clearnet to keep their selves covered so they can try to pathetically prevent the inevitible coming. so i choose to stay down because left right right left down rt rt lt rt lt lt abba abba cdcdcd down down down up triangle joystick ARCADEia La Vendee , lassiez les bon temps rouler. X marks the $pot when you read between the L:ions in the DEN. GENE:ie in a bottle. gametogenis. waketrix are for kids. silly rabbit whole. no more controll of the toll on the bridge to terribithia COBRA OPTION. if your hardware can handle my software . . . feel free to load dis.lane UP.d.ate if you want to . . . COMMAND[saef] { UPload [][][]% complete ; estimated time ____ } 
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... projects with just as HONORABLE individules and their WORK that has IMPACTED the WORLDs out of respect. 
- 📫 How to reach me if you want to ... https://linktr.ee/bomBABEie ; i have a full schedule of work that i am consistently doing , my existance already traumatizes me enough , from my shhh.it so approach me REAL or regret approaching me at all , i stay isolated and enjoy my solitude so if you catch me on a livestream or in the #CHATR000M and wanna have an conversation tap in. if you want to experience me before interacting with me by all means , leave a comment on something you experienced of one of my documented videos and i will respond with reciprocation of energy when i can within time and will appreciate it as much as i appreciated my time to 2^LOVE WITHIN MYSELF ,work and fight to get the RESPECT , VALUES , FREEDOMS that WE were BORN WITH that WE all RIGHTFULLY should serve and deserve to equally recieve. 

... OURSELVES to SERVE EACH OTHER ... BE THE CHANGE to see the $CHANGE$ ... IN-SANE ... PH = balance = patients = DOC.u.ment.ed.  

dont follow me , follow yourself. I left documentation of me following myself , everyone who's had an influence and SHOW.ed you the TRUE VALUE of MYSELF 
the UGLYIEST and MOST BORING that i am , for all that i am , for who i am , with who i am , when i was then , how i was there , here i am now and there
i'll be in the future. and how the people in my live VALUED me , and how i VALUED them when they didnt know what they were worth , as well as when i didnt know what i was worth. for the BETTERMENT of HUMANITY , and the ENERGY LAWS that ive caluculated along the way , with PROOF of it all. With my Music Videos , 
... everything that i've released this far and the MORE to COME to be RELEASED TO THE PUBLIC FOR THE PUBLIC of WE:ace. 

WELCOME TO BUMBOMMBIE DIMENSION ... WELCOME TO THE CARLIE RENEE DUPLANTIS life TIME MOVEie for the MOVEMENT ... for the WHOLE:ie un:FUCK
and all of the PROJECTx that i've made within my LIFETIME throughout MY HISTORY , i look forward to getting to learn and understand yours 
for the VALUE of PROOF:in muh funKING FACT of the MATTER that ALL MATTER MATTERs. 

THIS WILL FOREVER BE HELD IN THE HIGHEST REGARD of REMEMBORANCE OF THOSE WHO've LOST THEIR LIVES TO THE FIGHT FOR THEIR NATURAL BORN RIGHTS , FOR THOSE WHO feel as if they are DEFENSELESS towards ANYTHING or ANYONE or even THEMSELVES. FOR THE BETTERMENT OF HUMANITY , for the COMMON KNOWLEDGE FOR THE PUBLIC TO THE PUBLIC FOREVER TO BE SEEN FOR the PROOF behind the FACTs that lie. FOR THE FREEDOM OF HUMAN BEINGS , for the TRUTH behind THE POWER OF vs THE POWER WITHIN. I , Carlie Renee Duplantis born May 8 1997 in Houma Louisiana , have been DOC.u.ment.ed from the age of my birth , by my father , by myself , by my peers and by THEM PEOPLES ... I have Tried myself , i have left RAW footage of my PROOF as best as i could with INTERFERENCE , SELF DEFENSE , public humiliation , discredit , defam , disbeleif , invasion of privacy , invasion of my intellectual rights , IN.vay.sion of my wrongs , MY DOC.u.ment.ed PROOFS FROM ALL OF THE ANGLES THAT I WAS GRANTED ACCESS TO  
<!---
BABEieRuTHless/BABEieRuTHless is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
